---
title: "1. ProSoft Configuration Builder README"
chapter: 1
version:
---

This README file contains information you should know before you install or upgrade to ProSoft Configuration Builder 4.4.17. This file also contains information that may not be available in other ProSoft documentation. Visit [ProSoft Technology](http;//www.prosoft-technology.com "www.prosoft-technology.com") for the most current information about the ProSoft Configuration Builder.

## IMPORTANT NOTE

### Forward Compatibility:

Always back up any PPF files before editing them with a new version of PCB. In some cases, PPF files edited and saved with newer versions of PCB may no longer be compatible with older versions of PCB. The latest version of PCB is always the recommended platform for the latest functionality support.

### If upgrading from very old versions of PCB, v2.0.1, or earlier:

For the PTQ-PDPMV1 module: The .XSY and .XFM files used by Unity Pro, generated and exported by ProSoft Configuration Builder versions 2.0.2 and newer, are **NOT COMPATIBLE or INTERCHANGEABLE** with earlier versions of .XSY and .XFM files generated by PCB versions 2.01, or earlier. The newer .XSY and .XFM files contain new Unity Pro data types, function blocks, and data structures that did not exist in the older versions of these files, created by older versions of PCB (please see PCB Version 2.0.2 for specific details). If upgrading from a PCB version older than v2.0.2, please be sure to verify your PROFIBUS configuration and re-export the Unity Pro .XSY and .XFM processor files and upgrade your Unity Pro project, to be sure you are using the latest enhanced versions of these files
